For the first time, Zeng et al. designed and built a stable and highly active ORR catalyst from a COF@MOF hybrid, in contrast to Yamauchi's work employing carbon generated from MOFs as a template. The COF@MOF-derived layered carbon polyplatinum catalyst (Pt-COF@MOF800) was achieved through a multistep process that included the preparation of ZIF-8 nanocrystals, in situ encapsulation of ZIF-8 with thin TP-BPY-COF layers from 2,4,6-trihydroxybenzene-1,3,5-trialdehyde (TP) and [2,20-bipyridyl]-5,50-diamine (BPY), introduction of platinum ions into the hybrid COF@MOF, and structural and textural reorganization under controlled pyrolysis at 800 °C for 1 h (Fig. 14b). The introduction of Pt2+ promoted the formation of the hollow morphology due to the Kirkendall effect. The MOF core not only acted as a Zn source for atomic Zn and ZnPt nanoparticles but also served as a template for COF growth and prevented COF aggregation during pyrolysis. Finally, Zn atoms from ZIF-8 and sub-3 nm Pt/Zn bimetallic clusters/nanoparticles were immobilized on hollow carbon to create the catalyst. With these features, the catalyst exhibited half-wave potentials of 0.85 and 0.85 V for ORR under alkaline and acidic conditions, respectively, which were higher than those of Pt/C. Following this, Zeng et al. further designed and synthesized Co nanoparticles and carbon embedded with Co–N4 atoms by a similar method via the direct pyrolysis of TP-BPY-COF@ZIF-67 using ZIF-67 crystals as the core for catalytic ORR and HER (Fig. 14c). The resulting COF@ZIF800 exhibited bifunctional catalytic performance for ORR and HER, where the half-wave potential for ORR in 0.1 M KOH was 0.85 V and the overpotential for HER in 1 M KOH at 10 mA cm−2 was 0.16 V. In addition to the preparation of electrocatalysts with bifunctionality, Zeng et al. fabricated hollow carbon (COF@MOF800) by the pyrolysis of COF@MOF at 800 °C for 1 h, which contained a high content of atomic Zn and plentiful N and O groups (Fig. 14d). Afterward, a second atomic metal Fe was introduced to form biphasic atomic Zn–N4 and Fe–N4O catalysts, resulting in COF@MOF800-Fe by introducing iron phthalocyanine (FePc). Due to the formation of dual sites (FeN4O and ZnN4) in the carbon, the Fe and Zn sites showed better activity for ORR because of the lower energy barrier for the rate-determining step in ORR, delivering 0.89 V half-wave potential in 0.1 M KOH, which is 50 mV higher than that of Pt/C.